# SigninDetail

A resource containing sign in details for an enterprise.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allow_personal_usage** | **str** | Controls whether personal usage is allowed on a device provisioned with this enrollment token.For company-owned devices: Enabling personal usage allows the user to set up a work profile on the device. Disabling personal usage requires the user provision the device as a fully managed device.For personally-owned devices: Enabling personal usage allows the user to set up a work profile on the device. Disabling personal usage will prevent the device from provisioning. Personal usage cannot be disabled on personally-owned device. | [optional] 
**qr_code** | **str** | A JSON string whose UTF-8 representation can be used to generate a QR code to enroll a device with this enrollment token. To enroll a device using NFC, the NFC record must contain a serialized java.util.Properties representation of the properties in the JSON. This is a read-only field generated by the server. | [optional] 
**signin_enrollment_token** | **str** | An enterprise wide enrollment token used to trigger custom sign-in flow. This is a read-only field generated by the server. | [optional] 
**signin_url** | **str** | Sign-in URL for authentication when device is provisioned with a sign-in enrollment token. The sign-in endpoint should finish authentication flow with a URL in the form of https://enterprise.google.com/android/enroll?et&#x3D; for a successful login, or https://enterprise.google.com/android/enroll/invalid for a failed login. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.signin_detail import SigninDetail

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of SigninDetail from a JSON string
signin_detail_instance = SigninDetail.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(SigninDetail.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
signin_detail_dict = signin_detail_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of SigninDetail from a dict
signin_detail_from_dict = SigninDetail.from_dict(signin_detail_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


