# BuildTrigger

Configuration for an automated build in response to source repository changes.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**approval_config** | [**ApprovalConfig**](ApprovalConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**autodetect** | **bool** | Autodetect build configuration. The following precedence is used (case insensitive): 1. cloudbuild.yaml 2. cloudbuild.yml 3. cloudbuild.json 4. Dockerfile Currently only available for GitHub App Triggers. | [optional] 
**bitbucket_server_trigger_config** | [**BitbucketServerTriggerConfig**](BitbucketServerTriggerConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**build** | [**Build**](Build.md) |  | [optional] 
**create_time** | **str** | Output only. Time when the trigger was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**description** | **str** | Human-readable description of this trigger. | [optional] 
**disabled** | **bool** | If true, the trigger will never automatically execute a build. | [optional] 
**event_type** | **str** | EventType allows the user to explicitly set the type of event to which this BuildTrigger should respond. This field will be validated against the rest of the configuration if it is set. | [optional] 
**filename** | **str** | Path, from the source root, to the build configuration file (i.e. cloudbuild.yaml). | [optional] 
**filter** | **str** | A Common Expression Language string. | [optional] 
**git_file_source** | [**GitFileSource**](GitFileSource.md) |  | [optional] 
**github** | [**GitHubEventsConfig**](GitHubEventsConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**gitlab_enterprise_events_config** | [**GitLabEventsConfig**](GitLabEventsConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Output only. Unique identifier of the trigger. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ignored_files** | **List[str]** | ignored_files and included_files are file glob matches using https://golang.org/pkg/path/filepath/#Match extended with support for \&quot;**\&quot;. If ignored_files and changed files are both empty, then they are not used to determine whether or not to trigger a build. If ignored_files is not empty, then we ignore any files that match any of the ignored_file globs. If the change has no files that are outside of the ignored_files globs, then we do not trigger a build. | [optional] 
**include_build_logs** | **str** | If set to INCLUDE_BUILD_LOGS_WITH_STATUS, log url will be shown on GitHub page when build status is final. Setting this field to INCLUDE_BUILD_LOGS_WITH_STATUS for non GitHub triggers results in INVALID_ARGUMENT error. | [optional] 
**included_files** | **List[str]** | If any of the files altered in the commit pass the ignored_files filter and included_files is empty, then as far as this filter is concerned, we should trigger the build. If any of the files altered in the commit pass the ignored_files filter and included_files is not empty, then we make sure that at least one of those files matches a included_files glob. If not, then we do not trigger a build. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | User-assigned name of the trigger. Must be unique within the project. Trigger names must meet the following requirements: + They must contain only alphanumeric characters and dashes. + They can be 1-64 characters long. + They must begin and end with an alphanumeric character. | [optional] 
**pubsub_config** | [**PubsubConfig**](PubsubConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**repository_event_config** | [**RepositoryEventConfig**](RepositoryEventConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**resource_name** | **str** | The &#x60;Trigger&#x60; name with format: &#x60;projects/{project}/locations/{location}/triggers/{trigger}&#x60;, where {trigger} is a unique identifier generated by the service. | [optional] 
**service_account** | **str** | The service account used for all user-controlled operations including UpdateBuildTrigger, RunBuildTrigger, CreateBuild, and CancelBuild. If no service account is set, then the standard Cloud Build service account ([PROJECT_NUM]@system.gserviceaccount.com) will be used instead. Format: &#x60;projects/{PROJECT_ID}/serviceAccounts/{ACCOUNT_ID_OR_EMAIL}&#x60; | [optional] 
**source_to_build** | [**GitRepoSource**](GitRepoSource.md) |  | [optional] 
**substitutions** | **Dict[str, str]** | Substitutions for Build resource. The keys must match the following regular expression: &#x60;^_[A-Z0-9_]+$&#x60;. | [optional] 
**tags** | **List[str]** | Tags for annotation of a &#x60;BuildTrigger&#x60; | [optional] 
**trigger_template** | [**RepoSource**](RepoSource.md) |  | [optional] 
**webhook_config** | [**WebhookConfig**](WebhookConfig.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.build_trigger import BuildTrigger

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of BuildTrigger from a JSON string
build_trigger_instance = BuildTrigger.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(BuildTrigger.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
build_trigger_dict = build_trigger_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of BuildTrigger from a dict
build_trigger_from_dict = BuildTrigger.from_dict(build_trigger_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


