# openapi-client
Welcome to TruAnon!
Thank you for helping make the Internet a safer place to be.

Adopting TruAnon is simple. There is no setup or dependencies, nothing to store or process. Making identity part of your service is fun, and you’ll be up and running in a matter of minutes.

TruAnon Private Token is used anytime you request information from TruAnon and you must edit this into the Variables section for this collection.

This API contains two endpoints and both require these same two arguments, also found in the Variables section of this collection.

These two arguments are:

TruAnon Service Identifier

and

Your Member Name

Your TruAnon Service Identifier was provided by TruAnon and is likely the root domain of your site or service. Your Member Name is the unique member ID on your system that you would like to query.

Information is continuously updated for display purposes and aside from performance considerations, there should be no need to capture or save anything from TruAnon.

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python 3.7+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

### Tests

Execute `pytest` to run the tests.

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import openapi_client
from openapi_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://staging.truanon.com
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = openapi_client.Configuration(
    host = "https://staging.truanon.com"
)



# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with openapi_client.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = openapi_client.DefaultApi(api_client)
    id = '{{your-member-id}}' # str | This is your unique username or member ID (optional)
    service = '{{service-identifier}}' # str | The service name given to you by TruAnon (optional)

    try:
        # Get Profile
        api_instance.get_profile(id=id, service=service)
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling DefaultApi->get_profile: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://staging.truanon.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**get_profile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#get_profile) | **GET** /api/get_profile | Get Profile
*DefaultApi* | [**get_token**](docs/DefaultApi.md#get_token) | **GET** /api/request_token | Get Token


## Documentation For Models



<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author




